Tailored Import - WIP feature (#1141)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/imports-exports/tailored-import.md

To learn more about Tailored Import and how to use this feature, please watch our training video [Tailored Imports](https://akademy.akeneo.com/tailored-imports).
:::

:::info

> Tailored Import is a feature which will be updated all along the year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tailored Imports is a feature which will be updated all along the year.
```

So far, the following attribute types aren't available to be mapped: `Price`, `Reference entity multi-select`, `Reference entity single-select`, `Asset collection`, `Image`, `Table`, `File` & `Image`.

> So far, the following system properties aren't available to be mapped: `Parent`, `Family variant`, `Groups` & `Associations`

Reviewer 2: Family variant is not really a product property so maybe here
```suggestion
So far, the following system properties aren't available to be mapped: `Parent`, `Groups` & `Associations`
```

Reviewer 2: Should we note that only XLSX product is available for now ?

# Discover operations

You can use operations to transform the data in order to make the import process easier.

:::info

> New operations will come all during the year to help you save time importing your product information. Do not hesitate to contact your Customer Success Manager if you want to help us by communicating your use case & needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New operations will come along the year to help you save time importing your product information. Do not hesitate to contact your Customer Success Manager if you want to help us by communicating your use case & needs.
```

## Split

> If you want to import different values that are located into the same cell of your spreadsheet, you can use this operation to split the values thanks to a separator: comma (,), semicolon (; ), pipe (|).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to import different values that are located into the same cell of your spreadsheet, you can use this operation to split the values thanks to a separator: comma (,), semicolon (;), pipe (|).
```
